docs: add v1.26 blog template (#4489)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/blogs/release-v126.en.md

> ---

Reviewer: Can you add the blog to mkdocs.yml as well 🥺

Author: i was about to add it once it's finished but im ok for both.

> title: 'AWS Copilot v1.26: Service alarm based rollback, sidecar image build, and `storage init` for env addons'

Reviewer: What do you think of updating the titles like this:
```suggestion
title: 'AWS Copilot v1.26: Automate rollbacks with CloudWatch alarms, build sidecar images, and `storage init` for env addons'
```
